# Meetings notes

## Meeting 1.
* **DATE:2025-01-29 @ 11:00**
* **ASSISTANTS:Ivan Sanchez Milara**

### 30 Minutes
Project plan details were discussed, justifications for the decisions we made as well as clarification of some points of confusion.

### Action points
* Remove login from the diagram
* The diagram itself was not a Concept Diagram and must be remade
* Give more details regarding the type REST API we will use, and whether it will use Hypermedia.



## Meeting 2.
* **DATE:2025-02-18 @ 10:30**
* **ASSISTANTS:Ivan Sanchez Milara**

### 30 Minutes
Database implementation was discussed.

### Action points
* While different parts of the project are handled by different members, all members of the group must understand how everything works.



## Meeting 3.
* **DATE: 2025-03-24 @ 13:30**
* **ASSISTANTS: Ivan Sanchez Milara**

### 30 Minutes
During the meeting, API implementation was discussed, as well as providing ample coherent documentation on the project's wiki.

The implementation was confusing and resources were not clear.

### Action points
* Resources must be clearly identified, as well as the methods used to interact with each resource.
* Code quality was very low and must be improved.
* Tests coverage needs to meet ROA standards of 82% at least.
* 




## Meeting 4.
* **DATE: 2025-04-23 @ 12:30**
* **ASSISTANTS: Mika Oja**

### 30 Minutes
During this meeting, documentation and hypermedia design and implementation were discussed. 

The implementation was overall solid, since we used automatic means to generate the schema through drf-spectacular package.

Mason was used to add hypermedia elements to the API's responses.
### Action points
* Custom link relations need to be explained in the wiki.
* The state diagram needs some adjustements.




## Midterm meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




## Final meeting
* **DATE:**
* **ASSISTANTS:**

### Minutes
*Summary of what was discussed during the meeting*

### Action points
*List here the actions points discussed with assistants*




